1 EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
1.1 Purpose

For the first version of this document, an author pays any attention to present a scope, feasibility 
or limitation of design an application that is known as Graphical checker application. 
Furthermore, the author would like to any reader understand and realize an importance of implementation 
the application corresponding with the design document including giving a comment or a feedback to update 
this design document that will impact on the implementation the software in the feature.


1.2 Intended Audience
This design specification document is intended to be read by:
Anyone who works for and directly related with ERTMS P8 DMI project 
and would like to known what and how graphical checker application is.
The author assumes that the reader has knowledge from basic to proficient of the software development.
Below shows what the knowledge that reader should be has:
C/C++ programming language
Linux programming
Network programming
Common SW data structures & algorithms
Driver Machine Interface (DMI) and Man-machine Interface (MMI) product
All of these items may be used without further references to their definition.

1.3 How to read this Document
This document provides the design information for 3 chapter following detail below.
In the first chapter, this part describes the basic information of reading the document including
 Purpose,reference, Abbreviations, Definitions and Terminologies.
For the second chapter, It is the overview of Graphical checker application such as 
what is it and how is it in briefly.It gives a small number of jargons so as to normal readers are able to comprehensive easily.
In The third chapter, This provides the detail in-depth of abstract and technical design the application.


1.4 References
1.4.1 Standards
The following table lists all Standards which are applicable for this document.

1.5 Abbreviations, Definitions and Terminologies
Abbreviations
1.5.1 Definitions

2 OVERVIEW


2.1 Dependencies
The Generic Speedometer component is written base on an assumption that the program runs on a PC or DMI/MMI hardware target. In addition, APIs of the Qt library is required to be installed on the device in order to process and execute the program.
3 FUNCTIONAL DESIGN
Main function of Gene

3.1 Services

3.2 Use Cases

3.4 Fault Reporting

4 MODULES DESIGN



2. General Information
This chapter describes the current automated or manual procedures being used; the project
stakeholders= objectives for the proposed system; issues that remain to be resolved; and general
assumptions and constraints that were required for performing the study (e.g., "The system must
be developed in time for the next budget call.@).
2.1 Current Systems and Processes
This section describes any existing systems and the associated manual and automated business
processes.
2.1.1 Current Operations
Describe the current operations.
2.1.2 Physical Environment
Identify the physical environment (hardware and software) being used for the existing system or
business processes.
2.1.3 User Organization
Include a description of the user organization(s) that use the system or business processes.
2.2 System Objectives
This section presents a general description of the proposed system and the major performance
objectives. Include the objectives and high-level requirements the system will be designed to
meet. Describe whether the system will be fully automated or include some manual activities,
the functionality the system will provide, the general processes and operations that are required,
the expected system end products, and an estimated timeline for system development and
implementation. A high-level justification for the system can be included.
2.3 Issues
This section provides a summary of important issues that may affect the development and
operation of the system, such as the use of data bases; processing and data flow; information
access and retrieval; data communication; workload volume and system capacity; system
interfaces; security, privacy and control; and training.
Project Name Feasibility Study 2-1 09/02 
Project Name Feasibility Study 2-2 09/02
2.4 Assumptions and Constraints
This section presents the assumptions or constraints that will affect the proposed system, such as:
$ Operational life
$ Date new system is required
$ Interaction of proposed system with other systems and organizations
$ Financial considerations including development and operational costs
$ Legislative and policy mandates or issues
$ Changing hardware/software/operating env